Overview of the project:

The development and management of a system which performs as an ideal home locator for a user based on specific user input as well as a
management system for real estate agents/brokers.

Vision:

To have developed a software system that intelligently recommends an ideal home for a buyer based on a number of input criteria of the  
client. This input criteria is very specific and allows for the buyer to find exactly what they are looking for given a choice of possible 
homes that meet their requirements. The system maintains a geo-spatial database of a region at the granularity of suburbs.

Issue Statement:

There is a need for a software system that will accurately determine the ideal home for a large number of people with very specific needs  
in an immediate period of time using known listings of houses available. The system needs to be powerful and accurate as well as easy to use 
for all users, i.e. potential customers and real estate agents/brokers.

Method:

The Agile software development life-cycle model will be used to approach the problem and formulate a solution. This lends itself well to  
the Kaizen Blitz methodology in evaluating our software which will allow for the continuous improvement of the software as well as meeting 
all of the customers' needs. A basic model of the software will be created and from then onwards the software will continuously be improved 
to the point of optimization within the software as well as customer satisfaction.

Project objectives:

	- Design and create an optimized database to store user and home data.
	- Design and create a simple, effective user interface for buyers, real estate agents/brokers and administrators.
	- Implement an effective searching tool which will provide for output specified by the buyers input criteria.
	- Provide for an effective communication tool between buyers and real estate agents/brokers when the buyer has an interest in a 
	  particular property.

Stakeholders:

	-Users: 
	
	This includes potential buyers of houses, real estate agents and brokers. These are the people that will use the software for
	its created purpose. All users need the software to perform different jobs effectively and they all depend on one another to work.

		
	-Developers:

	This is the team of software developers and administrators. They are in charge of developing and improving the existing software.
	Administrators ensure there are no problems in data management with regards to the databases. The users depend heavily on the
	developers for efficient, working software that will fulfil their needs.

